c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 115 clauses
o 315
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 90 clauses
o 225
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1000110010010100110110000101101000101010000011001001001111001101110110011101001101100111100111101001
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
