c random assignment satisfied 40/430 clauses
o 390
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 159 clauses
o 231
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
v 0010011100011111000110100011011110010010111100101111100100100010100101011000110001111111110001001101
c stuck at 421/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
