c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 261
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 260
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 259
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 100 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0010010010000011100001100001100010110110101101101011111001001111100011000111010011010110101111011000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
