c random assignment satisfied 112/430 clauses
o 318
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 316
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 281
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 89 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101100000110101111111100000100101011010100100100011100000111010010010001010000000101001010111111111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
