c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 238
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 216
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110001110100101110111100011000110011001101111001111100101001100101010001100110100011000000011111110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
