c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 421
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 168 clauses
o 253
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 249
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 202
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0100010000101011110010110001000001000001011011010101111000011011101001000011100001111111001110110111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
