c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011101111110111010101100000100101011000101101000111001100110000001000000100010110011001010010000001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
