c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 162 clauses
o 268
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 267
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 259
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 58 clauses
o 201
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111101101111100100101001011011011100100011011010110000101111111010110011110101000011000010110110101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
