c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 210 clauses
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 205
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1010111110110110110011000010100001110111001101110000101100101111001100110011111111101111110001101100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
