c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 427
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 419
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 149 clauses
o 270
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 269
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 268
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 264
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 259
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 76 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101101101011100011011011010100001100100100010101001001001110011100000111001000101100111101111110011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
