c random assignment satisfied 33/430 clauses
o 397
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 141 clauses
o 256
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 247
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 223
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0010010111111001101110110011101010110110100101010001110110101110101100100010001011110100010000101001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
