c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 191 clauses
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 226
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0100001001110011100010010010101010111101011101101010001010010000001010111111111001000111111001100011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
