c random assignment satisfied 128/430 clauses
o 302
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 300
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 296
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 288
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 281
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 280
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 278
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 277
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 271
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 270
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1010001111011001010010001011101101001111110101010111100000101011101010101111110010010111101101101011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
