c random assignment satisfied 217/430 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1011011110100010011010100111101011101000010010110001111101001110101000010111010000000010010111100000
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
