c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 245
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 228
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 195
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1100011010010011010010010011011100010010111110110000000011001111010011000011010111100001111110111100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
