c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 188 clauses
o 229
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011110101100011111000011100000111001000011101101100110010000001101010111001111111011010011110011100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
