c random assignment satisfied 128/430 clauses
o 302
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 300
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 296
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 288
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 286
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 284
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 283
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 282
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 82 clauses
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1101000001100010100111011101101000001101001010011101111101001010111110100001010010011000010100101010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
