c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 231 clauses
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1100011101110101010101110010001000001110111110101001110000010010101111111111000001101010111010111100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
