c random assignment satisfied 16/430 clauses
o 414
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 147 clauses
o 267
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 265
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 261
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1111110010000100101100101110100011110110111001101010100011111011010011101010110100000101101111011101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
