c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 77 clauses
o 339
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 96 clauses
o 243
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 239
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 232
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 223
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001010010000011000011001111000111101001100011111111100111010110010000100111111011000100000010010110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
