c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 167 clauses
o 258
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 256
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 182
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000110101011111100010110011110000111100001010001100000101101100110110101001110001101001011100100101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
