c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
v 1011101000001000110100000011001111111000010100100000000110000010101111011101000100000001001000001100
c stuck at 420/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
