c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 234
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001110100100000110111111011000000010100100001111011111001010011011110000101011000011001011111010000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
