c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 248
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 218
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1110110001111110101010011011101110010101000110000111100000111000101111111110101100101011010111001100
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
