c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 233
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 213
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0101101000001100011001111011101010111101110101000011001111001000101100100110111001010110111010100000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=5
s OPTIMUM FOUND
