c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 186 clauses
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1000010011010101001001011111010101101110011110010110001101000011010001011010111100111101111101001001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
