c random assignment satisfied 7/430 clauses
o 423
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 191 clauses
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 172
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1111100111001010111111010100001110001010011110101111011011100001111101000001011010101010011100011010
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
