c random assignment satisfied 229/430 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1000100010101111010111110000000000110001101001101110101101010000010111100101110110101010001101000111
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
