c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 191 clauses
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001001010101011110100011011100001000001000000110111110001100101000000000011110101000011010010011111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
