c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 246
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 215
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000110101101100000100011110100100100001101101100111100100111001100100000011011111001110000001111010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
