c random assignment satisfied 229/430 clauses
o 201
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110011001111111111110010001000100001111110000111100101000101000011011110110000011111001001000100101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
