c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 180 clauses
o 249
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 245
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000011010110010111101110111100000100011011101001000001011000111001101101110100001110110000010001111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
