c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 193 clauses
o 236
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 230
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 218
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 210
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0100100011001010000101001011000001100000001000101101011100011000010011100111110001101000001100001111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
