c random assignment satisfied 18/430 clauses
o 412
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 170 clauses
o 242
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 205
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1010101000001111111111000000000001101100110101111101000110011010001001011100111000100010011111100011
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
