c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 420
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 189 clauses
o 231
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 181
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101101110110001101101000101000101011010111101001011111010111110100111001001100010001001100000101111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
