c random assignment satisfied 182/430 clauses
o 248
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0010011001100111000101100100110111101001100010101100010101111011000101001011010110001100111100000000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
