c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 217 clauses
o 209
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 197
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010000011000111000101110111101110000001010111111111001100101100010001100001111000011101011111000011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
