c random assignment satisfied 191/430 clauses
o 239
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 155
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 0000100010101100000110110100110000110010111000111111001110110000010110111100111100100001001111010011
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
