c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 422
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 182 clauses
o 240
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010010010101010011111010010000110110010111010000000000100110011011010000100001011000001111111000100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
