c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 248
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 232
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 226
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 0011111110010110010011001011101110000101001100010011000010111101111001110110000001101110010000001100
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
