c random assignment satisfied 186/430 clauses
o 244
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010110111000110001111000101101011010001001010100111001001101001010010111001111001101000101100011100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
