c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 421
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 405
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 401
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 400
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 185 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110111011101111111000010010111010100111111100000010110010101000011101010011010111011001100110011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
