c random assignment satisfied 7/430 clauses
o 423
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 422
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 223 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010011010111111010111011100110011111100010010101000111001000110110101101011111001000001001000101101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
