c random assignment satisfied 8/430 clauses
o 422
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1110010110001010011101100000111111111100010000000100001010110101011100001000111101101001011001001111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
