c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 78 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0001111011001111110100101100011001010100110011100000100011010011000110011101111101110010110100001010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
