c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 242
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 237
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 155
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0001001011101010000110000010001100111101010101101101011001010000100101111110101000001100100000011110
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
