c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 218 clauses
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0110110111001101010010000010010111000000011101110110101100101011110001001010111000110101001100111010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
