c random assignment satisfied 146/430 clauses
o 284
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 280
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 198
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 195
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 51 clauses
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111100001110110000010110010001010000011111000101100111100100100001101010011110000001111110110101010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
