c random assignment satisfied 200/430 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 205
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011101100010001000111111010011100011010011010111100010111110010010100011001001010011111011110000000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
