c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 242
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010110100000101111110100000101111011001110101100000110110011111111111101111000101110100010000011001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
