c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 166 clauses
o 260
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001000111010111101110011101111100101101011101100111110111111111100101111010000000011010100100110010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
