c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 249
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110100100000101111010001010011111100001111101111110011000110000111011100010110011111100111010111111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
