c random assignment satisfied 10/430 clauses
o 420
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 247
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 233
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 225
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010011111100111001101011101010111000110010000110001011010000011110110001010001001000100001000011010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
