c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 118 clauses
o 306
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 298
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 75 clauses
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111100001000000111111101101000010010000111100100111000100101111110010111011111001100111001110111001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
