c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 425
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 69 clauses
o 348
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 130 clauses
o 218
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010110011111100010010110010001011101101000110101011010000101100100100010101101100011100000000100100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
