c random assignment satisfied 17/430 clauses
o 413
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 206 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 185
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010110101001010100100101101101110111000011111110101010000110000011011100010010010011010101011011001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
