c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 131 clauses
o 295
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 294
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 78 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 122
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111011011010100100010001100001011001011011011011101101011010011011011011111100101100111100110110011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
