c random assignment satisfied 175/430 clauses
o 255
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 236
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 226
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010110001000100101001101000111110000101001111010000100011010110010011111000110000001100100100000111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
