c random assignment satisfied 16/430 clauses
o 414
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 151 clauses
o 263
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 261
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0011111000101111110011001010001110011011101001111010001001001111010111011101111011111011110100101011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
