c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 367
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 123 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 240
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0101101111111101010000100000001111001110010010110010100000111011010000111101001011000111100011110100
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
