c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 166 clauses
o 264
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 226
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 198
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111000011011000000010111100011100001001001100000010111110100100001001101001000000100011111110110011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
