c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 1110110010011001011000110011100000011010011111110010110000001101001010110000000011111010001100100110
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
