c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 412
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 410
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 402
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 112 clauses
o 290
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 99 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1001010010000100001101111000111001110011010100110001000000011101010101011010010011011100110000010010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
