c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 265
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 261
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 255
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 250
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 246
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 242
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 231
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 215
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1000110101010001011111101011111111010000001110001111110001100000111001010011100101010111110011001100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
