c random assignment satisfied 15/430 clauses
o 415
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 225 clauses
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001000100000111110100011101110110011010010000111011011001110100010001100101110010000010110011100111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
