c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 423
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 231
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100111011111110111111101000100001010110111010111100100110001101010011001000011110011011011111101110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
