c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 246 clauses
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001000111101111001001010100110011001111000101011001111010111000001100111101100110010110001000110110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
