c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 423
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 189 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 217
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1110101011001110010000101011100010110110001001110110000011110100101000110010010100111100010011100111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
