c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 168 clauses
o 261
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 246
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 235
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 233
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1000111100011111100111010101111110000000011101010110100001101011000110000000110001100110011011010001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
