c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 427
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 197 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 210
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1001101101111100010001011011111110110001101011111101001001110010111100000001100111101101101010001011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
