c random assignment satisfied 186/430 clauses
o 244
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 240
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 221
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001110100001000011011000100101110101101101101101110011000000101010010100011110100010011100011000100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
