c random assignment satisfied 201/430 clauses
o 229
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 86 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0101000000011011111110111010001001000011000111011010110111011110100010010111011000000100010111000111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
