c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 382
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 155 clauses
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 219
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001001111001101100101001110100011010000101001110110100010010001010010101011100101101001001110111110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
