c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 127 clauses
o 301
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 299
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 79 clauses
o 220
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100011001001010101111001100011001001011101011100111010011001001111011000101001100101100000010010001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
