c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 165 clauses
o 263
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 262
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 260
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 225
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1101011100000000001111100000110001010111011101000011001010010011010100100000010111101100010111111011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
