c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101100111011010011111000101000011011111110110101010111001001110001000010100001000001010001101000010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
