c random assignment satisfied 22/430 clauses
o 408
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 400
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 177 clauses
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 54 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001101010001001001101001100111101011101100110011001011110110000100111100011110110000111001011000001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
