c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 174 clauses
o 254
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 222
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 51 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0110000000010001110101001000000111110001010001000011101110010110110000100111111111000100101001010010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
