c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 164
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101111111000010011110111010110110010000011001001011110000111000100100111001101101100101101010110100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
