c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 175 clauses
o 254
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 227
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0010000000101110000001001100111000100101101101010101011001100110001111101100011011100101011001100101
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
