c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 171 clauses
o 259
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 257
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 255
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 250
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1110101000001111010010110111110001111111010010111001110110000110110101100010010001000010000010101000
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
