c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 247
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 237
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 228
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 197
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111000110011010001101101011111110111000110010111110110101010010111000000010000000010110001111110101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
