c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 249
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 244
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 202
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010001011000101110110010101101111110111011101011110101011100000000100100010000000111001001011000101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
