c random assignment satisfied 166/430 clauses
o 264
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 256
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 74 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101000100111001000100110001001011000000001110110011010110000000111010010111101101111000010111000101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
