c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 154 clauses
o 271
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110010001011111110000101000100011100100101010110111010110101110011001100110010100101111010010110101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
