c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 415
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 414
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 241
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 233
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0101010001101111011100110111000001000111000010000011000111001101100110011101111000111000101011111001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
