c random assignment satisfied 38/430 clauses
o 392
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 390
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 388
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 386
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 384
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 180 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
v 0010010011101000111000101001111101100100011101010111100111010011010111100100010001100010010100111110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
