c random assignment satisfied 175/430 clauses
o 255
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 251
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 225
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 1
v 0000011001010111010101011101110101010011000001011010110000110000011010011000110011100110011100011010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
