c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 188 clauses
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010101110011111000011000001011101010011011011101100001000011111101011011110111011100100100110110011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
