c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 412
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 174 clauses
o 238
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 235
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0001000000000000001010101100010001001110010111000000101010110110001110110001110010111010101101111110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
