c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 167 clauses
o 262
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 261
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 258
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 257
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111110100000100010000111110100111000101010100000001010110111111111101011100101111011101001011101110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
