c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 182 clauses
o 248
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 242
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 238
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 195
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0011000101010000001000101011101011000100011100101001011110111101001101011011011010110001010010111011
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=4
s OPTIMUM FOUND
