c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1001111000111011101000010110101100110100110011010001000110000011010001100110101011000001000010001000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
