c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 181 clauses
o 241
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 174
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1110111111101100110111000001110010111111111001110011111101001101000000010110010110111001110010011011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
