c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 243
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0101000110001010110010101000011011010001011111100000110010101011111001010101101001001111100000111100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
