c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 249
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 233
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0001111010001111100000001111000100000010110000111111100000111111101110110110110001110000101100010111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
