c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 268
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 267
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 68 clauses
o 199
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100101010110111011100000100000111101010110100011111001001111100000111100010001011001111000100111000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
