c random assignment satisfied 168/430 clauses
o 262
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 260
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 256
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 255
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 247
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110010111110100101010110100011001011000110010100101101001100011001001110010001011110001000001101100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
