c random assignment satisfied 49/430 clauses
o 381
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 139 clauses
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 69 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1111001000010000000000101010100101111010010101011011001011110010010100111101001111111010110001110111
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
