c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 220
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1101010100110000110110100000010001111000011100000000011010101010011100101010101001110100111011110010
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
