c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 418
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1101001010011110110111111100111111110000111110100010001100111011011011101001000001110010010100000000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
