c random assignment satisfied 19/430 clauses
o 411
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 403
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 395
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 171 clauses
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110001110100100011000001010101011011111010100011000101010000100100011110111001100010101110010001111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
