c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 425
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 204 clauses
o 221
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010000101011001010101011000111001001011111110101000010100110000101110011011011011100010010101100100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
