c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 415
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 407
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 142 clauses
o 265
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 233
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 223
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0000001111010100001010001010110001111111111110011011111100110100100000001111011011111000100100100100
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
