c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 155 clauses
o 273
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 272
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 269
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0010010010001111010101100100110110011110110011000000100110101001110011110010001110111111001010111000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
