c random assignment satisfied 206/430 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
v 0011110011011000101101100101011111100101101001001110011011101111111101001100011101001011111100111011
c stuck at 421/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
