c random assignment satisfied 179/430 clauses
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 246
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 236
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 57 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
v 1101110010100001011111010101011100111111101100111101001001010010010101001011111000001110010111110000
c stuck at 419/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
