c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 70 clauses
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0010011001100111000101100100100011101011100001111100010101111011010111001011010110101110111100000001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
