c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 248
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 228
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 61 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0110001001101011101000110100110010111010111101101110010100101110001111110001000111010010001011001001
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
