c random assignment satisfied 10/430 clauses
o 420
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 416
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 162 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 194
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111111111011101100001101111111110111110010001111111001110011111100111001101110100011001011101101000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
