c random assignment satisfied 168/430 clauses
o 262
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 256
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 216
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001111010110100011000101110101101110101010100010000010000110011010100101001100100110101111001101110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
