c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 245
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010101001010000011011000011010110001010100110000110011001011100100011010100111011011001100011000011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
