c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 263
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 262
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110111010000011000010101111000100101100011101001110000000100000000111010011110100110010011111111000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
