c random assignment satisfied 206/430 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0000001010101011010010110011110101000010100111110000100000000010000101000111000110000001001101010001
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
