c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 185 clauses
o 237
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 229
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 1101000111111110111110110001101001001001011010100100100101110011010101111111111110110001110110010011
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
