c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 411
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 176 clauses
o 235
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 230
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1010100100111010110110111100000001101101011100001001110110010001110011000000011001111011010110001001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
