c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 219 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110010000111001111011110011110101101010110000010101110111100001100111101111011111111100111101100010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
