c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 269
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 268
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0111111111000001101001100010001001001101111111000000010001111111111110001111000001001111001110000101
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
