c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 218 clauses
o 206
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010111111101011101000011111010111110101010101111010101010000101000110001110011101001110111111111111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
