c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 56 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111111111111111011110101100100010001100000101110011111110101111010111111000011011001101011101001011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
