c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 172 clauses
o 244
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 241
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 229
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0010000011111010011110111001010001010101100100101110001010001100010101000010001000001000000110010000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
