c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 209 clauses
o 221
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 217
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011111010110101011101010001110000011111000101011100001001001000000110000100001010000101010101000111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
