c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 174 clauses
o 256
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010011111100101001101111111010111000110010000110001011010000011110110001010001001000100001000111010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
