c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 177 clauses
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 1111110111110111011100111111011101010111110111110000001010110001101000000011111101000101011001010001
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
