c random assignment satisfied 188/430 clauses
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101001100011101100010000000100000000011010011000001110100010101001001000111100010111010001110000011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
