c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 188 clauses
o 242
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 233
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 58 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1110101010111110100000001000101010010101011001001011001010001001011110111111111011010111001001101000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
