c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 414
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 410
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 408
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 247
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1100010100101001001110011100111000011111010101010001110111010101001010000100111101111001010010111011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
