c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 175 clauses
o 255
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 205
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111000111101111111101001101100101000100110010110011010110011000000111100111010000100011011011110000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
