c random assignment satisfied 144/430 clauses
o 286
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 284
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 283
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 275
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 237
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 232
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 97 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0110010111011111110010111100101110010000100100010010110000011100110110101110101100001010110000011010
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
