c random assignment satisfied 194/430 clauses
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1011111110010101111000110011001011111000110000001110100001001010000011110010001011101001100101111100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
