c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 423
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 165 clauses
o 258
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 255
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 247
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1000010010011011010001001001011100101011111110001110111011110110110011100111111011011100110110110101
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
