c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 269
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 268
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 264
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 241
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 217
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 210
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 195
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000001100011110001000011011111000010110000100111001100010110000011010001011001011101100001101001111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
