c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 186 clauses
o 244
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 241
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 222
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1110001100011011111110110101011100010011111111001011101100100110111001101100011000011000111111011111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
