c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 106 clauses
o 310
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 105 clauses
o 205
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1110000011111011100011110110011001111100011110110111110111010101100100011111110011010001100000101111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
