c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 394
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 186 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 205
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1000110100000111101101110010000011000011110001110010110101110011001101011101010110000011001001000001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
