c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 421
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 170 clauses
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 248
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 239
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010111101000011101010110000010100111010001111001010111101111011110011110111100110101000001111001010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
