c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 211 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000101100100000010100001011111100011010100001010011011101111001110010100100010001001110101011100000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
