c random assignment satisfied 285/430 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1100011101110001011011010000101101010110110101101010101011111010100100001000010111010010000111001010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
