c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 137 clauses
o 289
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 288
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 264
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 260
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 256
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1110110010001011000001010111011011101101010100110110100100110110001101011100011001101110101011100100
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
