c random assignment satisfied 69/430 clauses
o 361
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 353
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 93 clauses
o 260
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 259
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 243
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 218
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1011001111110001101101011011011010100011110100101011010011100000110000010001101100111000111100011011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
