c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 193 clauses
o 237
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 231
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
v 0000100011110101010111010010110110100111110100000110011001011101100000010011101001000000101110111000
c stuck at 421/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
