c random assignment satisfied 8/430 clauses
o 422
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 390
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 358
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 357
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 349
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 110 clauses
o 239
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1111100100010000010111000010011000100001101110000100001011011110110011100010000100001100011000011001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
