c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0000101000110000101110010111110111100101110011101110010110101010101011010000011101001011000000100000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
