c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 399
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 152 clauses
o 247
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 243
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 57 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111000101000111101101001101011110111001010101101100100011000101001101011111101111101111001010001110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
