c random assignment satisfied 16/430 clauses
o 414
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 152 clauses
o 262
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 260
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 244
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 241
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 239
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 236
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0111101011100010001110011001101101001110011011101010100001111011111001011111101011111010111010111111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
