c random assignment satisfied 128/430 clauses
o 302
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 300
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 285
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 284
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 240
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 221
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 159
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0001000011101111111000000111100001010110100110111010010100110001100010010100110110101011010000010110
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
