c random assignment satisfied 79/430 clauses
o 351
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 350
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 106 clauses
o 244
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1110010001110111010000110011011101000011101100110011110010110100001000111100001101001101111011110011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
