c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 214 clauses
o 216
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0010000101000000111110000101101100110011110011001001100101110110010010001100010110110000100101011011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
