c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 163 clauses
o 267
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 266
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 262
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 258
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 257
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 227
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 220
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1110011111010001101011001010100010010001110010111011010110011110010100010010010101101000110111000011
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
