c random assignment satisfied 182/430 clauses
o 248
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 239
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 209
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0111110100000001110101100000100010011111001000110110000110011010011100100110001110000010011011010110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
