c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 394
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 392
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 146 clauses
o 246
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1101010101101100100011100001111011100101110010001100001100111010110011001110111001101011000101010110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
