c random assignment satisfied 144/430 clauses
o 286
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 97 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100011011101100001010001000000001001101001100000000001001000000101111111000110000110011011010010011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
