c random assignment satisfied 21/430 clauses
o 409
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 179 clauses
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0010110001011110010101101001001011111000111001000001101111111101001000001101000100010100100000101000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
