c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 422
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 178 clauses
o 244
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 189
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101111011100011011111101001010110101011111010111000100011011111100110011111100011001110001101111000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
