c random assignment satisfied 83/430 clauses
o 347
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 346
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 88 clauses
o 258
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1101111000011100001111101111011100011010100100111010001100110101100011011100010010011101110110001011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
