c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 77 clauses
o 348
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 113 clauses
o 235
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 193
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011110000100000110001111100010010000100111001110111110011011011011111000000000111001111000101010111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
