c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 257
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 70 clauses
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1101111000010100111010100111010110011000001100010000100011110110110101110011010000000100100111001100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
