c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 423
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 391
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 387
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 145 clauses
o 242
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1011010111011010100111111100111010011000001011100110101000000101011101101011010001110001001100100001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
