c random assignment satisfied 128/430 clauses
o 302
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 300
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 67 clauses
o 233
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0011100011000111011011000011101110111100001010010111101001001111101010010001001001001110111011100001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
