c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0110001111010011111100001100001111001111000011001011010101000111001010101110010011110000010110001001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
