c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 203 clauses
o 227
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 221
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0010111101111010011110010001011110001101010101000101100000000011000100100011000100110010110011011111
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
