c random assignment satisfied 129/430 clauses
o 301
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 297
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 289
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 288
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111100011000010101110001100010110011001001001001110101100110000011110010101010001110000110000001000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
