c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 217 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010101110111111111010110100000100101001011011001101110100000001010011111000011111110010100110101001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
