c random assignment satisfied 138/430 clauses
o 292
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 288
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 258
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 251
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 247
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001010110001010000101010101111100100100011101010101110001000011100110011000110011101110100010010010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
