c random assignment satisfied 200/430 clauses
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 181
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0110110010001010000100001101101010010110011110001110101001011110110011001110110010001100101100010100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
