c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110100110001100010110001101101110011010101010111100011010010101010101011100111100100110111001010100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
