c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 217 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010010011100111011101111100011001101011111111011101111101100100110001000010011010110101101001111111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
