c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 425
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 61 clauses
o 364
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 102 clauses
o 262
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 258
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 221
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0100101010111110100101000000011000010000011110000010000100011010000101000011010111110000011010010110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
