c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 249
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 1111011101110110101100001010001101111010000010010001110000000010111101110111001100110101000010010000
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
