c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 135 clauses
o 294
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1100000101100011000101001011001100111000101100101010100001110111111000110010000111100010110011100110
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=5
s OPTIMUM FOUND
