c random assignment satisfied 18/430 clauses
o 412
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 408
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 400
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 399
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 398
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 397
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 389
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 218 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000101001110101110000100101000001110011110101001101000111100100111111011101010111110001000100011111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
