c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 179 clauses
o 247
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 243
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 232
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 199
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1011010100111000001100001110110001001011000101011110001111011100000010101111101100010001010011101111
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
