c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 198 clauses
o 226
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111011010100110111001001111001011010111000001001011111011010011011000011000111001001101011100101111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
