c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 241 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101001111000101110000110011110000110001100010101100001000000100110100001001000011010100011010100011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
