c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 242
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1110011000100111001101111111010101101100011110011011100011011101111110101100001111011111110100001110
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
