c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 426
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 414
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111100101001111101101100101110001000100111111011001100000100101011111000110111000011100001000111010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
