c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 246
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 207
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 195
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1011111101010011000011001100001001011111110100110100111001010001110110011010010111110100110001010010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
