c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 144 clauses
o 285
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0111100000111001001110111101100000100111001110110110001000101010101010111000101100100100101000101101
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
