c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 194 clauses
o 236
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 57 clauses
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111110001011100111111001001010001010011011111101011010100110000110110110001101110101110001010111110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
