c random assignment satisfied 148/430 clauses
o 282
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 280
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 218
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000010010010000011101001100010100111001110111011010000000110110000000011001101011001101110010110111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
