c random assignment satisfied 202/430 clauses
o 228
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 222
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0101011101100010011110000010001010001110100011101101111100101100010111011100111111110011001101010100
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
