c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 56 clauses
o 374
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 154 clauses
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010000101101000111001010110011000001100101101110110101100001101100010000101001110111000110101100010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
