c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 157 clauses
o 259
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 239
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011100111111111100111110100000011111101001000001000011100110101000111101010100011001000011010100100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
