c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 178 clauses
o 250
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011100111101010001011100011010111001100011111011100111100101111101100100000101011100101111001000101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
