c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 247
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 219
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 205
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100000101011111111010000001100011110011101010010010011100100110110001011100110011100100010011011110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
