c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 237
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 232
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0101010111100111101110100001101000010100111101110101111001101010001011011111101101000001110010011001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
