c random assignment satisfied 177/430 clauses
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001101111010101000010111111110111000111110101011110110110011001110101001101001000011010100110101111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
