c random assignment satisfied 206/430 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100001001000101110110001000011001100101100100101111010000011000010010011001101110100010010111110100
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
