c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 219
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 195
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100100110110100010010001010110010000001101010010110100000010000111101000000011100111011000100000001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
