c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 229
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 225
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 223
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0001100000000001111100001011000001111101000000110011101000011010001000111000101100100111010010100100
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
