c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 190 clauses
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 205
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0100011010011110000110101010010001101001110010101111011010110000110111101100000100011011011001010010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
