c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 207 clauses
o 217
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1001111000110101011101100011111011000010011110100111110011010110101101110000111011000111100111010111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
