c random assignment satisfied 166/430 clauses
o 264
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 256
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 217
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0100101011001101001010101001111101011010010000100010111100101001011110000010011001010101101100111000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
