c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 188 clauses
o 228
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 219
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 189
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001000110111001100101110011110100011000010010111100110000011001011010011100101111101010110100111100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
