c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 411
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 409
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 138 clauses
o 271
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 201
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 189
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110001001100110100000100001001001000100101100101001101100010001101010101010100011010111011101011100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
