c random assignment satisfied 144/430 clauses
o 286
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 284
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 97 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111011100100111100101000101111111001011100010111110001010110101100010000001111011001010101100111001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
