c random assignment satisfied 160/430 clauses
o 270
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 269
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 74 clauses
o 195
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0101001000100100110010111100100111010011011000100110011110111111000100101111001010101011001001101100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
