c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 172 clauses
o 257
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 255
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1110001000100011110010110010101001111010100111110110101000101001001000111010110001011011010011100010
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
