c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 237
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0110111000011001110011000010110010001110010011110101100110000111110110000110001111111000111100010100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
