c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 191 clauses
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1101011000110001100001110011110111011111011111000001111100111010011111001011100010000000110111000100
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
