c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 209 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 204
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010111000001001011111111110100001011011011110000010101010111110100001011011110001000110001001101010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
