c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 238
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 235
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 1110011101010000010011100000100110010011111110110100100110010111001111001001000011111010011111110000
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
