c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 148 clauses
o 278
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 270
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 268
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 267
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 266
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 265
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1001101100100101000101001001010101011000001101111010110101011010000010110010010101011011110100000111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
