c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 410
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 406
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 146 clauses
o 260
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 249
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 77 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011111111111110101000001100000010111100101100001100110111001110010100110100101100011010000001110111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
