c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 420
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 247
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 54 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1000111010010100111111001010100110011111111110101100011001110001000100100101011100010111111010000000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
