c random assignment satisfied 15/430 clauses
o 415
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 158 clauses
o 257
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 248
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 246
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 229
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 51 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0110110111000111001110110111001110100001101000110001000101110101001100111110110010011000010101011101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
