c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 237
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 221
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 217
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0101100110100111110111010010010000110010001001011100011100011110000001110110110000110000111100100011
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
