c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 219 clauses
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 199
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0110000010011101010011111001000111100011010000111111001111001100110100011010100010000001010011011110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
