c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110110100000100111101111110111101000101101111001110111011111011101101111110110110110001110110111001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
