c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 420
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 419
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 416
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 161 clauses
o 255
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 251
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 239
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 199
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 195
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1101110101010111010010111100000000111111110110011101101011001011001100010100011110110010111110111101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
