c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 221
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010111001111010001101110101111010110011010011111111000110101000101000010001101111010111010110111011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
