c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 417
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 395
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 391
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 170 clauses
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 219
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101011001011011001110110001000011011001011011111011101101010100101010111011100001110001010100100111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
