c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 111 clauses
o 318
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 66 clauses
o 252
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 244
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 242
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 233
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1011011000100101001101111100111001110001101111100110001100110110011011101001111011101100111101110111
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
