c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 243
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 234
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1011111101001101011100100010110110011110010011110111011100101111110001101110011111010011100000010110
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
