c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 249
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1010110100100110111011000011110011111111001000100010010000111111000110100000100111011010000000011010
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
