c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 236
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 228
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 225
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 172
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0000100010101110101101110011001101001011101101000111001101100011110111101110100001101101011111111111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
