c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 420
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 357
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 98 clauses
o 259
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 225
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 205
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1111111001110110010011100100001111101111100110110100001100010001111000100110011010110100111111000000
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
