c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 214 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101010000100101011101001101100000011100101101100101000010110011110100111110111011000011011001011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
