c random assignment satisfied 126/430 clauses
o 304
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 73 clauses
o 231
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0111110001011000011111111111101000110100100100110100100101110010111101010001011100011110101000111011
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
