c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 203 clauses
o 222
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 195
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100000100000111101011100000010110101110111011101001001001000010001001111000111010111100110100001010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
