c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 249
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 206
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1100011110010010000001110000101110010100101111111101011110000100001001110000110110111001001000111010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
