c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 249
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 242
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 228
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 185
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010100000010110100100101100101001100100001111100011011100100110001000100000011110111110111101101010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
