c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 208 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 0/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011111011000011000001011100100110110110100101011110000000111010100010010011100100100101010111111100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
