c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 138 clauses
o 291
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 290
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 288
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 233
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 75 clauses
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
v 1110000101101010110100110001001100110001110110000100101011001000101110100101010011111001011001000000
c stuck at 421/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
