c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 163 clauses
o 261
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 220
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 213
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 203
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 145
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111111000111000001101101100011111001101001011110000001001000010101000001101110000010010110010100110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
