c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 222
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001110011111100101001000010111001110110110000011011100001110100111011000100000011100111101100111011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
