c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 119 clauses
o 307
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 267
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 259
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 100 clauses
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100111010101011010111011001011000101111011111111100101010010001110000111111100101000110110011001110
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
