c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 246
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 215
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011110110110011000001001110010110000100000010010010100100001001001111100100101101010001110111011101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
