c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 200 clauses
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1101101001011101111110100001011001000010001001010001101101110000011011010010011000110101000111000000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
