c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 185 clauses
o 237
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 216
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010000001011101000001011101000000001111001101100100111111001100100101110001100000110011100110101011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
