c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 225 clauses
o 203
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1110110110010111111011001111110100011111110010000100010001111100001001000010111111111001100101100011
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
