c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 144 clauses
o 283
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 282
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 281
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 280
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 233
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 225
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1101000101001110111001101100111010100101010001101000010011010001010111111111101110111010100010110000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
