c random assignment satisfied 168/430 clauses
o 262
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 189
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1111101010010111110100010010001101001111011001111010110011000010010000011110011101101001011000000011
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
