c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 183 clauses
o 247
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 243
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0010100001111101101000111000010001111111010100101000100010011110001100010010111101110111010001101100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
