c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 425
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 243
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 202
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 191
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110001110010001010011011001111000000110110000111011000111101000011101111110101011101110101000101110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
