c random assignment satisfied 11/430 clauses
o 419
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 220 clauses
o 199
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001101110011011111000101101110100000111111111011111101101011101100110010110111110011111111000111000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
