c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 256
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 248
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 247
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 239
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 235
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0101010000101100110001001110111101110011100110000011110111010000000010000110011100111101110101110011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
