c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 397
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 393
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 153 clauses
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 238
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 230
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100111110111001111111100010100110000010001110110010110100010111001110101111010011101010111100001010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
