c random assignment satisfied 199/430 clauses
o 231
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 194
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0100001001001100100000110101110001001001100100000000001000011100000111111000010000101001111001011000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
