c random assignment satisfied 94/430 clauses
o 336
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 92 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 235
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 83 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
v 1111110100011110100110011101111100011110110010111101101010100001001110011010010100010110111111000011
c stuck at 418/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
