c random assignment satisfied 7/430 clauses
o 423
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 231
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000111110101110110110100000111111011011001000000100010010011100011101110110110011101000001000111111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
