c random assignment satisfied 12/430 clauses
o 418
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 195 clauses
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 58 clauses
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000010011100110001000100101010011001010000000000110000000011100111100100000000110100010000110010010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
