c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 148 clauses
o 276
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1011001011001111100101010110000011110100011011000000100110100001111010111010111101101111000010010010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
