c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 189 clauses
o 239
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 229
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 222
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 60 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001111010010010010111110110000110100001101000110001000001101101110110100101110101111111001010011001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
