c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 418
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 229
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 227
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 196
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001000101001010100101011110011011111111111111111011011000000000100101011000110011100010000000100100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
