c random assignment satisfied 138/430 clauses
o 292
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 291
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 290
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 263
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 261
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 260
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 259
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 257
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1011101101110001101010110011100010010010101010101101100101111100101010111101011001101101011111011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
