c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 216 clauses
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101101101001000010101111100101111011110011001101000101000011110011001100010100101111000101001010001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
