c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 199 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 228
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 68 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111100001011110001101100110010111101111000101101011100011011101110000001010111100110101010101001100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
