c random assignment satisfied 11/430 clauses
o 419
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 210 clauses
o 209
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 207
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 191
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110001010101101000111010000110111011100011100101000001100000100100110001001101101100111110011101000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
