c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0110101010010110101010011110110100110000100101100001011010000001111110011111100010001110101010001000
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
