c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 421
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 417
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 226 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1001110010100110110010100000111111110101011001111101000001101010011000001111010000110011000001110010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
