c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 151 clauses
o 273
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 67 clauses
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1000110011110000001011000110110110011101010011000010101000101001010111100110101101010000100111110111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
