c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 418
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 139 clauses
o 279
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 275
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 274
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 273
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 269
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 268
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 264
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 73 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100100110110111101110010010010110111011010111010000110101110110100100001001001011001101111011010110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
