c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 250
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 233
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000011010101110101001101111000110110101101000100010011111011001101111011000001010100111100100000010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
