c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 208 clauses
o 222
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 204
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0111010010011010100100010100101011001111011001010010001101010111100010000000010010011001011110011110
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
