c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 175 clauses
o 249
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 245
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 238
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100001110101111010111001100001100000110001111001110110110111110100111111010111100010110110100101101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
