c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 249
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 245
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 1101101111110101010011110101010101111010100101001001101100110010010101000000010001001100001001000011
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
