c random assignment satisfied 33/430 clauses
o 397
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 389
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 153 clauses
o 236
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 84 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1100011001101110001110010111001001010100100111101100000111001001101101111111000100101010011110111001
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
