c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 181 clauses
o 235
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 227
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 214
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110000000100110100000000111011001000011011000000101010001100111100010011111111000000100000001111110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
