c random assignment satisfied 18/430 clauses
o 412
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 94 clauses
o 318
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 99 clauses
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 185
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0110100110011101010110100011011001110110001001000000010000000010101110001001101110111010010001011000
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
