c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 156 clauses
o 272
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 264
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 187
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1001011101001001100111101001010100011010001011111101000001001101111010000111010010100000111110011011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
