c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 248
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0101010011100110110110000001111010011111100101011101011111111000011101000001101001000010011100000111
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
