c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 414
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 95 clauses
o 319
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 83 clauses
o 236
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1000001010001001110010111000110001010011001111110000110001111100011101000111010111000011010111010111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
