c random assignment satisfied 180/430 clauses
o 250
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0001000111010111101101101011011000110110111100010011110000101111000111010011011010110000101001100010
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
