c random assignment satisfied 109/430 clauses
o 321
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 85 clauses
o 236
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 233
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 220
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001010001110101011011101111101100011001011111000101011100000011000110011100111001011001101110110011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
