c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 101 clauses
o 328
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 327
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 104 clauses
o 223
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 1001011111110110110101110110000010110011111010011000001000010010010101110100010011001110110001110110
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
