c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001110000110101000100101000011101010010100111000011010100011100000100100100111111101010110100001101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
