c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 191 clauses
o 239
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 228
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010111111000011110011000110010111110110011110010011100110000011101001011100111000101101011100100101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
