c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 189 clauses
o 238
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 232
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1111011101101111100101100111011001111000111010110010000110110100011010001101011110001010010011010111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
