c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 200 clauses
o 226
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 219
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101110101001111011100010100101101001110000011101000110010101111100001011000011011011101101011001101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
