c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 170 clauses
o 256
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 255
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0011010111011101000011101111010111001101010100010001001011101011010110010010111101101000011111001001
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
