c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 427
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 425
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 162 clauses
o 263
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 261
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 219
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 198
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 181
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000001011001011100011001000010111101100101001111111001100001011111011010001011100011001000011000001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
