c random assignment satisfied 80/430 clauses
o 350
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 163 clauses
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0001100100100011111101100000010001010101011011101011000111000100100101000000011100001000101110101100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
