c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 231 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110101001011011000101010110110111001111111101001001001101111100100101010011011111010100001111010001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
