c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 417
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 400
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 150 clauses
o 250
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 242
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0101011011001000000001000101010000011101001100001110011101100111100010000100111001000101011010110001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=5
s OPTIMUM FOUND
