c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 193 clauses
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1010001101100101111000100010100111101110100110010010001011101110100100111110010100111010010010101010
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
