c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 355
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 354
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 352
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 113 clauses
o 239
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 229
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 225
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100111110001010100101001111001001011111010010010101001011010111011000010110011000111110111111001011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
