c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 238 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111001000011110000011110111010111111110001011111111001100001100110100011100010000111110101100101000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
