c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 82 clauses
o 348
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 86 clauses
o 262
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0000100101110101000110010010111000000000001001010010000000001000111010110100111100110100110110010110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
