c random assignment satisfied 213/430 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0100101111011110110001001001001011101101110101110011100011001001011111011011110000111111011110101010
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
