c random assignment satisfied 7/430 clauses
o 423
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 242 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101110110000100000100110010010101111101111111110000100111111001011101010100110000111011110100010001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
