c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 140 clauses
o 284
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 225
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
v 1101011101110100110111110100111101110101001000101011011011111101110110101010101000111101000001111001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
