c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 215 clauses
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 173
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1111111111001100100010101100010101110100011011101111001101100111011001110010111110110010110111011001
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
