c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 219 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0111001000011100100010011001000110101001011110101101000110111111110101000110101000100110110001010110
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
