c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 65 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0010001110011101100000010100000010110011001100101110011111100110011000110011111111101100101011101110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
