c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 167 clauses
o 258
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 256
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 177
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001100001000000110011111100101011010010101010000001110110111110001000000110111000011011001010011001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
