c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 423
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 172 clauses
o 251
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0110111011000110000011110001100111100010100001101111010100110100110011011010101100001011110000001110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
