c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 211 clauses
o 219
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0111010100011000101100011011110001100110011111010000000001111101111010010001001100010010101101101011
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=5
s OPTIMUM FOUND
