c random assignment satisfied 20/430 clauses
o 410
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 133 clauses
o 277
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 269
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 262
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 261
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 96 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000110100100010101010110001010010110000110011111001001010010001111011100000000100010100111101110110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
