c random assignment satisfied 122/430 clauses
o 308
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 304
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 66 clauses
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 49 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101000001100110100011110101100000101001110110000001001001011100000001011000010011110101111100101000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
