c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 178 clauses
o 251
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 242
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 230
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1111010011010110111001100101110111110110111101100110100110011101101101101010100111101101100101110100
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
