c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 251
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 247
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1100111110001001001100110010010100000011000101000010000000111100111100110000101100110010011111101110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
