c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 224 clauses
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1001111100110110011011110001000101110011010011010101111100010011110000011011011100001000111100110111
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
