c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 158 clauses
o 258
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 236
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 108
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1111011100001110011000101101101111100100001000100000001011001000011110000100000010000010001000010110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
