c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 130 clauses
o 300
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 269
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 253
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011011000010010100000111100010001101011000111000001111011001111000111111111110010001010100110010010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
