c random assignment satisfied 203/430 clauses
o 227
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 220
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 25 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
v 0000011011011000000000100110110001110011110001011111000010010011101101101001101100010001001011000111
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
