c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 243
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 237
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 232
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000111011011111110000000010100110110000011110000010111010100110101101101011110000101111100011111011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
