c random assignment satisfied 192/430 clauses
o 238
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 235
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 205
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0110100110010000110011011011101001111100010111000001010011111101011010010011011110000110110111001011
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
