c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 250
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 60 clauses
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 1111000001111101000100011100000100001000111111111110110000100000101000011001100110000010111001111111
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
