c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 180 clauses
o 250
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 242
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 236
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 232
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 229
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 225
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1000011101111111011011011110011010100111101100110110000001001010101011111000110100111101011010000101
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
