c random assignment satisfied 192/430 clauses
o 238
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 225
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 189
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111010111010001110111010011100010011011101001000010111000110100000011011000001000001111101111111000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
