c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 181 clauses
o 235
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 227
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 190
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101011010011000111111011101000011110011110001111010101010111100001000101000111001000110100001011001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
