c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 248
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 0101001001111101000010111011110000101000010010110111110101001010010000110001000110110101111010000000
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
