c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 67 clauses
o 360
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 102 clauses
o 258
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010100010100111001011000100101010001110110111100111011001111000011010000100101100010000110011111011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
