c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 381
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 377
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 136 clauses
o 241
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 197
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101100111100011011000000010110101000110011100110110010001010011101001100011011111110011100110000011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
