c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 199
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1100011010100101100101011000010111011010101100011000011100101011111110110000101101110000010101000010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
