c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 195 clauses
o 234
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 61 clauses
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100001001000000101011110011110101100010011111100010010000110111001010101011000101111100011111100110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
