c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 419
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 227 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000101111000111010010110111101010111001101000001010001101000101010010111001111001010100111100110011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
