c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 207 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1000110111011100111111111111101111101011110010011010111110101110101111011110101001110101111101100100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
