c random assignment satisfied 182/430 clauses
o 248
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 240
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0101101011100001110000001000010100110100110100001000101010101011100011000111110100110001101010010011
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
