c random assignment satisfied 164/430 clauses
o 266
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 265
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 214
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 211
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 201
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 131
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101010010101010011111010000111110111000111001111001011100010100111011111101100001001011101111111000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
