c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 217
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0101101100000011111011010010011010000111001001000101100100101111011100001010101101110111010110100001
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
