c random assignment satisfied 184/430 clauses
o 246
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 243
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 224
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 190
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0000010100011010100111101001101111010101100010110101011001011010110001101001101101000101111101110111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
