c random assignment satisfied 190/430 clauses
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 201
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100110011010010001101101110010000100110111111100101111010101101001101110100001110011010011110001110
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
