c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 245
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 182
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1111001001000111001111011110100100111000110011101000100110001100001011010111011010110100010011000101
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
