c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 190 clauses
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 230
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 220
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011101010111111001110010111100101000110010101100010001101000010011110000010101011000011001100001000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
