c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 213 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111000000001101111000010010100011100010001100010011101100110000111010111010001001010111110101010111
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
