c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 148 clauses
o 281
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 265
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 256
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 196
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0010000011000001001111101010100111101101110101011100100011100111010000111001111010111001111000000100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
