c random assignment satisfied 160/430 clauses
o 270
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 262
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 259
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 73 clauses
o 186
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100101111110110010111001011100010111001011001011110111010111110110101100100110100010011110100010110
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
