c random assignment satisfied 163/430 clauses
o 267
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 259
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 60 clauses
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 189
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0001001100000100111001100011011010010110010100110000011010111011001110001111010111111111100001011100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
