c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 185 clauses
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 218
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010010100000010000100101101001111111000010111110100010001010000001000100010011010001010101001001000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
