c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 200 clauses
o 227
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0001000100111010100011101011001000001111110110110101011100010111000101110110011111000111010001111101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
