c random assignment satisfied 20/430 clauses
o 410
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 187 clauses
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 217
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0100011011101001100000001101010011000110111000100110000100111101101000111100110100100110100101100011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
