c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 234
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 214
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0101000010000100100100101101010110110101010101001111010100101000100000111111101010111100110100111001
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
