c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 195 clauses
o 235
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 234
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 233
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 205
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0101000000010011101010001101000000000010010001011101110101101101101100110010110101011101100001111001
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
