c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 224 clauses
o 204
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 196
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010111001011010010011100001101110010100110011011110111010001111011000010000111011001000010011010001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
