c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 204 clauses
o 223
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011110110000110100001110000001010110111010011010010110101010000010100100010010010110010110000011100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
