c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 110 clauses
o 320
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 319
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 95 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 204
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 197
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110111111000101100111101010110110000111101010111100101011001111100111000001001011111010111101110111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
