c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 177 clauses
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 235
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 228
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110010111011110011010110100000000100101010010010101001011101000111010011111110111000100010100010111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
