c random assignment satisfied 136/430 clauses
o 294
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 292
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 288
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 287
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 72 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 199
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100100100001001001101100100001000111011010101101011100001001010110010111111101100101000000011000110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
