c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 222 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 201
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0000001011001010101011101101011010011110010101011101011100101010001001110011001011110111000001101101
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
