c random assignment satisfied 191/430 clauses
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 230
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 205
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1110100111000100011101100111010100001000111000001000111111011100011011011111010001010100100110000101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
