c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 226 clauses
o 190
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0101001110010001101011011101110000010101001001010010110110100001000000111010110111000111100110001111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
