c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 382
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 192 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1010100011001011111000100011101001101101001011000001100011010110010010101111011100100100000011100100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=6
s OPTIMUM FOUND
