c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 62 clauses
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111001000101101010100001001110110010100000001000011110100100000001010111110111010001000000110011010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
