c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 203 clauses
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111100101010101100111111110010001111101000001011010111000111001000100100001001000100001011011101010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
