c random assignment satisfied 17/430 clauses
o 413
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 156 clauses
o 257
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 225
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 214
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1101001010000010010100101000111110011101111110001000010101100111100111010110011111010011001101001000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
