c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 239 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000100010100101011000101100101110110011010100000011010010011010010111001001111000110101011101111100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
