c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 427
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 170 clauses
o 257
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 237
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1110000111000111000001001000101000111010101000101111011000011000011101110111001001000010000110000111
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
