c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 196 clauses
o 234
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 226
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 196
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110111111010001001101011001110100111010001101001010010110001010010111111100111010000110111111011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
