c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 153
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111010101101110011011110111010100111010111001000001110100000100101101000101001100111111100110010001
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
