c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 232 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1100011010010101100011011100111111111010010111100000011101100110010010001101010010110111000011101011
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
