c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 174 clauses
o 256
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 80 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110110101111011010011101110001001111000101011010001011100111011001010011001110111010011101110000100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
