c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 425
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 403
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 230
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000100100101101101010111110011111001111001110010101011110111111100101001011111110110000101011111100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
