c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 187 clauses
o 241
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 161
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1000111000011110101101101011001011101111101110010000010110010011011000100100101011110101101001011101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
