c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 157 clauses
o 259
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 232
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 228
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 218
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0011100001101000010011110110100011000000011011100110101111100100110011101100010111010110110100000001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
