c random assignment satisfied 192/430 clauses
o 238
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0011000100000100000101110101001111001101111111000100110100001110001001101101000101010110011000000110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
