c random assignment satisfied 18/430 clauses
o 412
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 408
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 400
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 181 clauses
o 219
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 41 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101001100101010010110110010010110010111100101101000111000100100110100010000000010000111011011100100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
