c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 246
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 213
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 121
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1100111100110110001011011101101101111100000110110101011111100110001001101100111111111010100111111111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
