c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 204 clauses
o 226
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 152
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1011100000110001100010011100111101010111000100110010100001001011100111001010010011111110111000101010
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
