c random assignment satisfied 201/430 clauses
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 61 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001111010111011000111110010001010011011101110000011010001110011100110111100001000110001110110110110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
