c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 427
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 189 clauses
o 238
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 230
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111100000001000001011100100100110001101011010000010100101110010011110111001011011101001100110101011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
