c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 419
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 173 clauses
o 246
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 221
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0000100001110101111101101010100011011111100100111000110001000111000110000000011110111101010010101000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
