c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 198 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111010011111110100000010001011011011110101101101111111010000111110010010010111001011001011110011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
