c random assignment satisfied 8/430 clauses
o 422
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 228 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0001000110001110111001111000011001111100011110001000000111111010111001000100011111001100110001101101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
