c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 182 clauses
o 248
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 246
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 244
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 238
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 223
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1011010001111011101110011101011111110010000001101100010110101111110110000100011110000000011000011100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
