c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 147 clauses
o 269
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 261
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 260
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 259
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 258
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 205
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 177
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 119
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 85
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 77
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1100101100100111010010001010010101000010110011110111110101110001111101110111110110111100011010011110
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
