c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 111 clauses
o 319
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 255
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 247
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 245
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 241
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 196
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0111101100101000001001001011101100000100011110001011101101010110111111100000100011000111100000110011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
