c random assignment satisfied 108/430 clauses
o 322
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 121 clauses
o 201
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 186
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 181
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 4
v 0100101001111010100010100010101110111111110011010011010000111011010001000100101110110010100000001111
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
