c random assignment satisfied 126/430 clauses
o 304
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 271
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 270
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 268
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 264
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 256
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 203
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 193
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011101000010001010101111000011110011011010100011000011101110010011001101001101010011101010111010000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
