c random assignment satisfied 125/430 clauses
o 305
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 304
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 281
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 265
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1010010111111111100001101000100001000111111001110111010100111110010000110100101100101011010001110000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=5
s OPTIMUM FOUND
