c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 190 clauses
o 240
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100011000111010111101001111010110110100010001111101110001000010000101100011001001100001011000101011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
