c random assignment satisfied 174/430 clauses
o 256
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 255
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0100011011110111110110000100100111111011101001101101111100101010010000110110000011101111001110100001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
