c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 198 clauses
o 227
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 225
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 206
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1011100010110100101001111111000001011101001100110101110110110001111110111011111101001010000011100010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
