c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 158
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0010010100010100001011011100101111001001000111111001100111100100101101001111111001100110101000101111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
