c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 222
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 197
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 150
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 147
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1110001000100110100110111000000000100111100011101101100010111010011011001100101000001001010010011010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
