c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 181 clauses
o 249
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011001011110100110110010001010101000101001011010101111111001110001000011100100100000111111000111001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
