c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 197 clauses
o 230
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 221
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 213
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 193
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 182
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0011011110010100011010010100101101011010000010010101000100101001010001110110001110000101111111001010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
