c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 176 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 244
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 154
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0011011101100001000101111110110000100110010111011000111100111000010101110110111010011000010110011011
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
