c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 204 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 205
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111100000011100100100011101100100110010101000000111011011101000011100000010010111001111101011101100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
