c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 186 clauses
o 244
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 233
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 230
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 225
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0110000001011110100010001000011101000101100100010011000011010011101111101001101101011010011000000111
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
