c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 131 clauses
o 294
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 67 clauses
o 227
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 224
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 219
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 123
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100111001110011100100111111010000000111101010110110000011001100001010111111000101001000111110000000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
