c random assignment satisfied 109/430 clauses
o 321
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 320
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 77 clauses
o 243
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 238
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 226
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 221
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1001100111000100101110110010011001110010111110011001110111111011100011010000000101001111101110010010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
