c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 166 clauses
o 251
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 230
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 55 clauses
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 106
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0101011001100000000000011011110111101010001111010100111000010010011100000010100011001110100110111010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
