c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 418
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 414
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 199 clauses
o 215
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0101110111000010101000001010011010010001110111001001100011110011011100011100010010100010001001011001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
