c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 171 clauses
o 259
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 74 clauses
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0010111111011101011111001011001101010011011011101101100011010101000011011111001000000100101100110111
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
