c random assignment satisfied 204/430 clauses
o 226
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 215
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 171
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 106
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111110101110111011101010101000101001100100101001000111011011101110000011000101011010101100111001000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
