c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 121 clauses
o 308
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 280
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 276
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 275
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 273
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 246
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 214
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 182
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 61
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110001100100000110111111101101111110001100110011010010101101001101111001100011110011100101111110010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
