c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 184 clauses
o 242
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 222
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100001110110110011101001100100101100010111110101110111010011110000001100101001001110010110011100010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
