c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 250
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0110001011001110111100110000110000100110010011011010110000100000111101000000011011001100110100000000
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
