c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 63 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111100000011011101111101100001101000110001111110011011100011110000010110101011010111110111100101110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
