c random assignment satisfied 44/430 clauses
o 386
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 155 clauses
o 231
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 223
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 217
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 214
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 189
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 186
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 154
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 149
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 73
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100101011101100100110110011010010100001111010001110011101100001100111110101101111111011000111100010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
