c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 251
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 59 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1100011011011011001000001011011100011010100010010110000111000010101110101010001010100111011101111111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
