c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 250
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 219
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100001000010010101010111100011101101010001101000011111111110101000011111010110000000011111101110010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
