c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 119 clauses
o 311
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 54 clauses
o 257
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 249
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 135
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001011001000100111110011010110010000010001010010100100000101100101111001110111010010111000000001101
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
