c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 243
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 242
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 240
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 236
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 234
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 232
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 155
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0100011110111110010000001011100110001100001110110010111101001111111111111110010000000000010100101101
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
