c random assignment satisfied 8/430 clauses
o 422
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 418
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 416
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 247
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 244
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 236
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 232
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1110011011111101001101011001000100011100110011011111111011100000001100011010000001111111001100111110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
