c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 160 clauses
o 261
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 259
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 249
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 241
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 202
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1101100001110101001101100001100101100011100001001001000010101000011000101000010111110000111001000000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
