c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 366
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 150 clauses
o 216
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 102
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010100001010110000111100110100100010101011010010100111011010111010011011111111111000100001100110011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
