c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 52 clauses
o 378
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 147 clauses
o 231
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 227
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 219
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 211
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 196
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1100000010010010101011101000101000111010001111101111101000000111010011101100111001100100000010110001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=7
s OPTIMUM FOUND
