c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 217 clauses
o 213
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1101100100111010000110101010101000101100010111001011111001111101011111100101111000101110110011111101
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
