c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 194 clauses
o 232
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 198
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 180
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 127
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0000010110010100011000101010010110110100010000110111000110111100011111010010101110011110111101101100
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
