c random assignment satisfied 142/430 clauses
o 288
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 61 clauses
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 191
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110101111100010001001101011111111101010000011001110100110110110000010101010101010111001110111101110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
