c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 57 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1100001010110111111001111011101011001000111000010001010100101100000100100010000110101001110111110010
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
