c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 418
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 214 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 42 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0110110011100110001000000001110000101110111001011110010011000101110010010000110001001011001100110101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
