c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 183 clauses
o 239
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 44 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 118
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1110100110011110001101001111011110110011110011101001101111101111101000110110000100101111010110101000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
