c random assignment satisfied 17/430 clauses
o 413
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 405
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 133 clauses
o 272
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 257
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 256
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 240
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 238
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 222
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 215
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 213
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 197
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 185
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 121
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1111011101101110011110001010011010110011100111010111110001001000110010101101010010101101111101011011
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
