c random assignment satisfied 202/430 clauses
o 228
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011110110011000110110000101101101001110011001101001001100110111011010010110010010011101001001100100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
