c random assignment satisfied 192/430 clauses
o 238
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 205
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 173
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1111111100010011011110100010000000010001011101000011000010000001110101101110110101001110101111110011
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
