c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 267 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1111001111001011011111101110000000001110110111110010010111100000110000010011101010101100011000000101
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
