c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 160 clauses
o 268
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 68 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 142
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 84
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1000010110011010010100100101010111100000001010111001101000001011101111111100111111100100010101110000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
