c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 425
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 408
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 143 clauses
o 265
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 260
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 194
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 146
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111111101101100000110111110111101100001011011101011000000101001100111110010111110101101111110001010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
