c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 418
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 249
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 235
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 209
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 172
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1100111001001010000010011110000010110111100111110111110000101110100111111111000101001110111010110100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
