c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 208 clauses
o 217
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 213
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 202
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 169
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010011111100001100100110101100001011001110100001110111101101001101110101110100010000011000001011001
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
