c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 218 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 190
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 159
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1101101001001101101111010010010001100000011010010110011000101000110000011110000100111001100110101101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
