c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 193 clauses
o 237
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 230
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 228
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 213
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 51 clauses
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1010111010000011000010000001011110101111111010001011010111000000111111011100010000100001011000110111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
