c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 198 clauses
o 232
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 206
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 201
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 193
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 185
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 179
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 169
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0110101111110010101011110001000101100101000100111001101101011110111011110101100111010110001101101000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
