c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 212
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 105
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 1100111000001010010001010111100011010011101001110101011011100110100001101001111101001111000001001011
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
