c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 227 clauses
o 201
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1111011000011001100010111001001101001011010101010110111101001001100011000011001010110111001111110100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
