c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 186 clauses
o 235
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0000100011010101110110100111110011110100101010010011010110101000111100101000101101111000111010101110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
