c random assignment satisfied 138/430 clauses
o 292
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 288
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 287
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 54 clauses
o 233
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 224
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 176
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1101011000011000011010110101011011001101001010100100011101101100111010111000010110010100111001100111
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
