c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 176 clauses
o 251
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 248
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 231
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 224
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 220
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 23 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0010110111101011011001111001100100111010110010101100011000010000110011111110101100111111011101111010
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
