c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 180 clauses
o 236
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 222
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 221
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 37 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 43 clauses
o 133
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 123
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 115
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 112
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 50
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 42
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0100001101111010110010001010011111111100100011100000010100011010110001111101111010101000101100101010
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
