c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 177 clauses
o 247
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 242
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 237
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 233
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 184
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 84
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1000101100101000110101010010011100001110111010000000010110101101111111110011000101001000101111000111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
