c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 231
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 230
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 227
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 210
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 189
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 173
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 165
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 137
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 122
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 97
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
v 0100100100100110000111111011001010000010000001001000011010110101010110101010100000011110000100110110
c stuck at 424/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
