c random assignment satisfied 175/430 clauses
o 255
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 207
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 181
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 35 clauses
o 146
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0000101111001000111101101111111100110111001101000110001011000011101010010001110111111100001111011100
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
