c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 82 clauses
o 342
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 90 clauses
o 252
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 221
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 219
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 216
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 196
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 189
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 181
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 134
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 124
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 116
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 105
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1011100010011100011100100110101010111110101010110001111101010101010010110010000000101111000010001111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
