c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 103 clauses
o 327
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 68 clauses
o 259
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 220
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 217
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 210
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 34 clauses
o 159
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 141
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
v 1101010101011100110000110011000001111110011111110000111110111011000001000010010100011100111011111010
c stuck at 422/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
