c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 245
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 241
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 232
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 200
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 198
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 193
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111000001010010101111011110010010011001000010001000101011000010100000111101011110110101010110011100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
