c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 421
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 420
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 121 clauses
o 299
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 83 clauses
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 202
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 185
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 50 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001111110001101001001010011101111101101001011010011001110100101001000111000111000001010001100111101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
