c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 169 clauses
o 247
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 239
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 185
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 130
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 69
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0011101001000010111101011001001101001110011001010010000101011100011001100001111001000000010100010001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
