c random assignment satisfied 178/430 clauses
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 251
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 247
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 246
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 46 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 180
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 175
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 68
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111101011010100111111111000101111000000101010010101011010111101100010001001010001101001100100100000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
