c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 396
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 167 clauses
o 229
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 224
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 222
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 204
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 119
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 116
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0011011010001010100101110100101100111001011100111011101110000111010000110111101101101001100000100101
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
