c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 175 clauses
o 241
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 215
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 176
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 169
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 156
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1001001010010001001110011011110100110000110011111000111111001100100110101111001010110000111111001001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
