c random assignment satisfied 170/430 clauses
o 260
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 259
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 258
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 239
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 228
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 57 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 131
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 96
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 88
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 71
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0001010101001001111000001011001001101011000010011110101011101011010101001110000001111001010111010000
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
