c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 216 clauses
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 175
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 171
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 152
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 93
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111000010000011011100110110001100011111101010011100101010011101001001001110101101100000011000001111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
