c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 419
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 408
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 193 clauses
o 215
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 200
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110100010100011011010110100010110001101110100000101110011001110010111001001010000110100111101111110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
