c random assignment satisfied 161/430 clauses
o 269
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 38 clauses
o 231
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 223
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 219
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 216
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 212
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 201
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 192
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 188
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 177
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 159
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 143
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 137
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 68
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 1111011000111001010111100111100100100101110111000110101110101101110000100100000001110010001010110111
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=4
s OPTIMUM FOUND
