c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 424
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 180 clauses
o 244
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 239
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 237
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 36 clauses
o 201
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 186
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 184
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 117
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 106
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 67
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 0111001000111011001101001100010110110111110100111100111100000110010110010110010110101011101100110010
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
