c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 198 clauses
o 230
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 191
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 183
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 179
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 152
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 122
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 83
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 67
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000110000001001010101010001001101100110110001010010100010111100101010000111001110101001000000011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
