c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 233 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 135
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 131
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 121
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 68
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
v 1110001110000110001001000011110101010000001001011110110101011111000010100101010001111000110110001000
c stuck at 426/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
