c random assignment satisfied 13/430 clauses
o 417
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 151 clauses
o 265
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 95 clauses
o 169
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 117
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1010011101111000100111000101000011000100010010101010111101011010110001101111000100101110110110000100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
