c random assignment satisfied 6/430 clauses
o 424
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 160 clauses
o 256
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 73 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 176
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 171
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 161
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 102
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 95
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110110001010111000101010000101000111001110111100100111011101000110111001100111100111110111111010000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
