c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 252
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 230
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 229
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 227
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 223
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 222
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 219
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 218
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 54 clauses
o 162
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 158
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 151
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 142
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 140
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 139
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 137
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0110010100111100011110000010100001011010100001000011101001011111100010011000000011110110100011111010
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
