c random assignment satisfied 23/430 clauses
o 407
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 152 clauses
o 255
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 64 clauses
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 155
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0101100100110100001011001001100010101001001011111000110101000100000101001111001011110010000010101001
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=8
s OPTIMUM FOUND
