c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 206 clauses
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 215
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 40 clauses
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 150
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 136
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 135
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 114
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 104
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 84
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 48
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0111111101011000000101110000001111101100000100001100011001110101110011011000100001001001111101011110
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
