c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 426
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 85 clauses
o 341
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 337
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 91 clauses
o 246
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 230
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 226
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 221
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 213
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 211
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 195
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 187
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 161
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 145
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 134
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 131
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 128
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 126
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 105
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 78
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 25
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100111000010110001000111000110001100100000110111000000010110100101100101011000010110000001000111010
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
