c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 252
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 248
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 53 clauses
o 195
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 159
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 136
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 123
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 120
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 116
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 113
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 108
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 95
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 86
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 84
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 58
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0110011111011111111010001011110100000110100010110111101111001010101110101011100100011000101110011101
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
