c random assignment satisfied 192/430 clauses
o 238
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 232
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 231
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 222
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 217
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 195
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 194
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 192
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 21 clauses
o 171
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 143
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 135
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 126
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 108
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 95
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 82
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 69
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 67
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 43
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 36
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
v 1111000000000010000110111011001000110110111111011111011111110100111110000000010110101010101100101010
c stuck at 421/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
