c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 45 clauses
o 209
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 205
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 174
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 170
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 169
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 139
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 130
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 67
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0110100001111010100000000000001110101110010111010000010110100110001001101101001010010110101110001100
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
