c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 416
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 200 clauses
o 216
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 166
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 150
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 143
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 133
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 124
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 103
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 90
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 0
v 0011101001100100110010000110011111101001111110111001001001011110000010100111100111000111111100110010
c completely solved all 430 clauses with k=9
s OPTIMUM FOUND
