c random assignment satisfied 2/430 clauses
o 428
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 195 clauses
o 233
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 216
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 215
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 211
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 203
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 201
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 200
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 199
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 196
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 191
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 179
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 177
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 160
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 138
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 130
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 117
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 102
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 89
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 86
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 81
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 74
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 53
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0001100111110011111111100111100111001010111001011100111110110001111101010001110000100100111111010110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
