c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 128 clauses
o 302
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 85 clauses
o 217
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 209
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 139
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 136
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 110
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1101101100111100001001101010001101000111111010000000100101100111001101100100011001000000010111001000
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
