c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 253
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 58 clauses
o 195
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 189
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 180
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 163
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 118
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 31 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1110011001011110111001111011011100000110010011111010100011101010100001000011101110100000101110110011
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
