c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 422
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 421
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 134 clauses
o 287
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 67 clauses
o 220
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 219
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 203
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 202
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 191
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 181
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 174
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 166
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 160
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 118
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 116
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 78
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 65
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 60
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011111010000011101011100111010101110100011111000011100010000101111001011110110000101101011100110001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
