c random assignment satisfied 9/430 clauses
o 421
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 417
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 209 clauses
o 207
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 170
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 166
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 139
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 137
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 136
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 133
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 129
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 116
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 113
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 89
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 77
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 23
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0000011001010010100100011101000011111101110000101111001000001100000000011101010111011110010100111111
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
