c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 429
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 206 clauses
o 223
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 219
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 211
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 210
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 209
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 204
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 201
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 184
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 175
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 167
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 144
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 131
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 130
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 129
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 121
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 114
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 80
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 76
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 72
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 66
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 59
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 46
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 32
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 24
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 13
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=6)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 1100110010111011111000001101110010100100010001011111101101000110100111010000010000111001011110001011
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=6
s UNKNOWN
