c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 204
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 203
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 195
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 178
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 159
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 157
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 148
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 142
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 137
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 119
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 117
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 115
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 112
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 108
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 100
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 95
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 86
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 85
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 44
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 35
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 32
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 0111111110011001111101101010011001111010011010000100110110101000001011101001101111101101101000011110
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
