c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 428
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 424
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 190 clauses
o 234
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 218
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 217
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 208
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 205
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 183
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 179
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 170
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 138
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 135
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 132
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 128
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 121
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 120
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 90
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 68
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 56
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 45
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 31
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100011101100101111011001000000110110101101110001110101011110000101100010011010010001100011110001100
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
