c random assignment satisfied 1/430 clauses
o 429
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 176 clauses
o 253
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 249
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 241
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 165
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 152
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 30 clauses
o 118
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 99
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 94
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 31
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1110100011010101111011000011000001110011010010100011001111111011000110111001011110001100110011110101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
