c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 426
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 213 clauses
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 212
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 210
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 208
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 202
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 201
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 194
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 188
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 186
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 173
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 171
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 163
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 160
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 154
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 39 clauses
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 105
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 75
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 65
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 52
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 45
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 26
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111110010001101101111011011000000101011001110111101000110100010111000010110000010100011000000001000
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
