c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 217 clauses
o 213
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 209
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 208
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 207
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 206
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 198
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 190
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 187
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 183
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 48 clauses
o 134
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 114
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 105
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 99
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 93
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 88
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 80
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 71
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 66
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 42
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 35
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 27
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 22
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=2)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
v 0001100001000010100001100010101100000110111101101100011110000101011100000011111010110000000001011110
c stuck at 423/430 clauses with k=2
s UNKNOWN
