c random assignment satisfied 176/430 clauses
o 254
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 236
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 234
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 233
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 232
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 228
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 227
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 28 clauses
o 199
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 190
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 188
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 187
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 186
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 177
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 168
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 163
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 162
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 144
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 129
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 113
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 111
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 107
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 106
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 101
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 97
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 91
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 87
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 67
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 55
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 48
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 42
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 28
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 9/100 variables (k=9)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1111001101011001011001110000000111001011111101110011100001101100010101101101011000101110000101010001
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=9
s UNKNOWN
