c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 122 clauses
o 308
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 304
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 89 clauses
o 215
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 198
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 22 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 168
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 156
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 155
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 152
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 147
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 127
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 122
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 120
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 119
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 115
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 111
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 102
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 94
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 93
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 92
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 90
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 82
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 76
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 73
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 66
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 62
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 51
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 31
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=5)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 1111110101001010110001000110110111010010110000011111011100100010100111101110011110110100101000111110
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=5
s UNKNOWN
