c random assignment satisfied 186/430 clauses
o 244
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 243
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 241
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 240
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 214
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 213
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 14 clauses
o 199
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 167
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 19 clauses
o 147
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 141
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 135
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 134
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 133
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 132
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 129
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 120
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 113
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 84
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 80
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 50
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 44
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 34
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 24
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 20
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 17
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
v 0100000110010010110010111111111100110001011110110100110110101101000111110011110010101110110101001000
c stuck at 428/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
