c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 68 clauses
o 359
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 130 clauses
o 229
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 228
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 226
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 225
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 223
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 219
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 208
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 206
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 200
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 10 clauses
o 190
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 183
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 181
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 180
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 178
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 176
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 172
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 168
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 164
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 157
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 149
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 143
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 139
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 138
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 131
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 118
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 117
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 114
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 90
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 83
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 81
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 77
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 73
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 72
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 68
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 67
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 66
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 65
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 64
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 47
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 44
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0011011100110011100011110000011010000101010111101111000111000001101000000000001010000100100110001110
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
