c random assignment satisfied 4/430 clauses
o 426
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 225 clauses
o 201
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 18 clauses
o 183
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 182
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 167
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 166
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 151
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 148
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 147
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 146
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 145
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 17 clauses
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 123
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 122
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 106
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 80
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 76
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 11 clauses
o 63
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 2/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 0111111100111111111001110110011000100100111111101100011000001101110110110101000100011110011000001111
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
