c random assignment satisfied 5/430 clauses
o 425
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 416
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 390
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 145 clauses
o 245
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 238
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 237
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 230
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 223
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 66 clauses
o 157
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 156
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 148
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 145
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 29 clauses
o 116
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 115
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 114
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 111
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 107
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 104
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 98
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 93
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 90
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 89
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 88
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 83
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 79
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 68
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 64
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 63
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 62
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 60
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 59
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 58
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 54
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 52
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 48
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 33
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 23
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 9
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 7
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 8/100 variables (k=8)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011001011000000110110011001101001100011001011101111101011111110000111011110001100100111111100100001
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=8
s UNKNOWN
