c random assignment satisfied 3/430 clauses
o 427
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 172 clauses
o 255
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 254
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 246
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 242
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 27 clauses
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 20 clauses
o 194
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 193
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 192
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 176
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 172
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 161
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 47 clauses
o 114
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 113
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 79
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 77
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 60
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 56
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 52
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 50
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 49
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 46
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 45
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 44
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 42
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
v 1010010100010111011110100010000000100101010000011101101011101110111110001010111010110100111000010111
c stuck at 427/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
