c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 425
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 417
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 150 clauses
o 267
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 266
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 265
c flipped 1/100 variable (k=4)
c solution improved by 89 clauses
o 176
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 175
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 174
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 172
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 165
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 161
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 153
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 151
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 148
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 144
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 15 clauses
o 129
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 128
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 111
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 110
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 102
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 98
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 94
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 92
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 91
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 89
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 84
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 83
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 80
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 79
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 71
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 70
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 69
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 57
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 55
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 53
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 49
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 48
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 47
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 46
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 43
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 41
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 40
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 33
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 25
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 4/100 variables (k=4)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0010001100010111101110101100101100010101011110100000000011111100111100000010000010010011001010100000
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=4
s UNKNOWN
