c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 162 clauses
o 268
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 260
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 33 clauses
o 227
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 226
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 218
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 214
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 197
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 188
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 184
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 26 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 156
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 153
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 144
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 141
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 140
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 138
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 13 clauses
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 120
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 112
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 111
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 109
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 108
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 104
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 103
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 102
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 101
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 98
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 97
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 96
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 95
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 89
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 85
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 81
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 78
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 70
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 9 clauses
o 61
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 59
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 54
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 53
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 51
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 47
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 43
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 31
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 19
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1011010101001101111001100000111101011001010001100111000111110001010110100110111010010100010101100101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
