c random assignment satisfied 40/430 clauses
o 390
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 175 clauses
o 215
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 207
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 199
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 198
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 190
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 12 clauses
o 178
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 177
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 169
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 165
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 160
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 158
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 157
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 155
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 154
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 152
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 149
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 143
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 142
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 134
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 130
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 128
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 124
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 117
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 110
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 24 clauses
o 86
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 83
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 82
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 75
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 72
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 71
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 5 clauses
o 66
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 64
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 58
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 57
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 41
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 39
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 34
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 33
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 32
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 30
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 29
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 28
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 25
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 24
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 23
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 22
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 20
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 18
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 6
c flipped 3/100 variables (k=3)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 5
v 0011001101110111001100011101001010101100101111001001101100011100101111011000101111011100111110110001
c stuck at 425/430 clauses with k=3
s UNKNOWN
