c random assignment satisfied 0/430 clauses
o 430
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 159 clauses
o 271
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 265
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 264
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 263
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 259
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 251
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 250
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 249
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 248
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 240
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 224
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 32 clauses
o 192
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 191
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 184
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 182
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 176
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 174
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 173
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 165
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 164
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 162
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 160
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 159
c flipped 5/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 158
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 7 clauses
o 151
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 150
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 146
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 144
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 128
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 127
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 126
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 125
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 6 clauses
o 119
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 118
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 110
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 109
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 106
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 105
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 101
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 100
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 99
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 3 clauses
o 96
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 88
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 87
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 79
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 75
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 74
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 70
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 8 clauses
o 62
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 61
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 57
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 56
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 16 clauses
o 40
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 39
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 38
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 37
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 36
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 35
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 31
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 30
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 28
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 27
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 26
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 4 clauses
o 22
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 21
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 19
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 18
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 17
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 16
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 15
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 14
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 13
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 12
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 11
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 10
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 9
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 8
c flipped 6/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 7
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 2 clauses
o 5
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 4
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 3
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 2
c flipped 7/100 variables (k=7)
c solution improved by 1 clause
o 1
v 1100011110100101101111000110101011011101001101100011001001110110010100110011011001111100010101111101
c stuck at 429/430 clauses with k=7
s UNKNOWN
